Nicki
We found our precious baby Zeus through Lee who was extremely helpful through an extremely exciting/nerve racking experience. Bringing home a pup is a lot to handle but having Lee really helped us through the process. Zeus is the best pup we could’ve ever asked for and we are so excited to watch him grow.

Kate
Lee was the absolute best. She exceeded all of my expectations of getting my first dog (they were very high lol) She was so informative, sent me endless pictures without me even having to ask. Always answered silly questions, etc. My Gus is the best boy, so well tempered. So easy to train. Great experience.


Marilee
Goldendoodles For You truly exceeded my expectations. Lee was in constant communication with me during the process and is so helpful, knowledgeable and responsive. Our puppy is so smart and sweet - it is clear she was well taken care of and loved prior to being brought home. I highly recommend Goldendoodles For You! The best decision I’ve made.

Kelly
I have two beautiful dogs from Lee, and I couldn't be happier! They are the sweetest, most loving companions with such gentle temperaments. From the moment I brought them home, they fit right into my family. They are playful, well-behaved, and so easy to train. It's clear they were raised with love and care. If you're looking for a Goldendoodle, I highly recommend this breeder—Lee truly goes above and beyond!

Dawn
Amazing breeder! So happy we decided to bring home two minis. After just a week, our puppies are well-socialized, joyful, and already learning their routine. Roni even rings the bell to go outside! They sleep through the night, entertain each other, and have adjusted seamlessly. Lee has been incredibly supportive throughout the process and beyond. Highly recommend her and her puppies! 

Jaime
We brought our puppy home 8 days ago and she has been the absolute best! Lee was very helpful throughout the process. She sent pics when the puppies were born and while we were waiting to meet her. She answered all of my questions and took great care of our puppy until we were able to bring her home. Not only is Harper adorable, she is incredibly sweet and smart. I would absolutely recommend Goldendoodles for You to anyone looking for a puppy!

Denise
We are happy with our experience with golden doodles for you. Our new addition to the family Hazel, has been very good with us. She barely has accidents with us anymore and has been telling us she has to go to the bathroom by going to the back door. She learned to go up and down the steps the first week. She loves to play with plastic water bottles and loves to chew on a ball launcher. Thank you, Lee for our new family member!

Michele
My mom recently got her puppy Marley from Lee. Lee was so helpful and patient throughout the process of getting him. You can tell the love she has for her puppies and how well they are taken care of. Marley is so smart and full of personality. My mom couldn’t be happier! Thank you Lee 😊

Ericka
We brought home our mini Goldendoodle, Veronica 'Ronni,' three weeks ago, and she has been an absolute dream! Lee was responsive and supportive every step of the way. Ronni arrived practically housebroken, doesn’t bark, and is incredibly social. At just 10 weeks, she knows sit, stay, lay down, and even give paw! The love and care Lee provides truly set her apart. We couldn't have made a better choice!
